feature: new rule inefficient-map-lookup (#1491)
mgechev/revive: README.md

| [`imports-blocklist`](./RULES_DESCRIPTIONS.md#imports-blocklist)   | []string | Disallows importing the specified packages                     |    no    |  no   |
| [`increment-decrement`](./RULES_DESCRIPTIONS.md#increment-decrement) |  n/a   | Use `i++` and `i--` instead of `i += 1` and `i -= 1`.            |   yes    |  no   |
| [`indent-error-flow`](./RULES_DESCRIPTIONS.md#indent-error-flow)   |  []string   | Prevents redundant else statements.                              |   yes    |  no   |

> | [`inefficient-map-lookup`](./RULES_DESCRIPTIONS.md#inefficient-map-lookup)   |  n/a  | Spots iterative searches of a key map                              |   no    |  yes   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`inefficient-map-lookup`](./RULES_DESCRIPTIONS.md#inefficient-map-lookup)   |  n/a  | Spots iterative searches for a key in a map                        |   no    |  yes   |
```
